Library function in C:
    Library function are the builtin function in C that are grouped and placed at a common place called the Library.
    Such functions are used to perform some specific operations. For example,
    printf is a library function used to print on a console.
    The library function are created by the designers of compilers.
    All C standered library function are defined inside the different header files saved with the extension ".h".
    We need to include these header files in our program to make use of the library function such as printf/scanf we need to include stdio.h in our orogram which is a header files that contains all the library function regrafing standered input/output.

The list of mostely used header files is given below:

    (1)	stdio.h	
            This is a standard input/output header file. It contains all the library functions regarding standard input/output.

    (2)	conio.h	
            This is a console input/output header file.

    (3)	string.h	
            It contains all string related library functions like gets(), puts() etc.

    (4)	stdlib.h	
            This header file contains all the general library functions like malloc(), calloc(), exit()  etc.

    (5)	math.h	
            This header file contains all the math operations related functions like sqrt(), pow()  etc.

    (6)	time.h	
            This header file contains all the time-related functions.

    (7)	ctype.h	
            This header file contains all character handling functions.

    (8)	stdarg.h	
            Variable argument functions are defined in this header file.

    (9)	signal.h	
            All the signal handling functions are defined in this header file.

    (10)setjmp.h	
            This file contains all the jump functions.

    (11)locale.h	
            This file contains locale functions.

    (12)errno.h	
            This file contains error handling functions.

    (13)assert.h	
            This file contains diagnostics functions.
