Function in C:
    In C, we can divide a large program into the basic building block known as function.
    The function contains the set of programming statement enclosed by{}.
    A function can be called multiple times to provide reusability and modularity to the C program.
    In other words, we can say that the collection of fucntion creaates a program.
    The function is also known as procedureor subroutinein other programming language.

Advantage of function in C:
    There are following advantages of C function:
        1. By using fucntion, we can avoid rewriting same logic/code again and again in a program.
        2. We can call C function any  number of time in a program and form any place in a progrma.
        3. We can trake large C program easily when it is divided into muiltiple function.
        4. Reusability is the  mainn achievement of C function.
        5. However, function calling is always a overhead in C program.

Function Aspect:
    There are three aspect of a C function.

        1. Function declaration:
            A function must be declare globely in a c program to tell the compilar about the function name, function parameters and return type.

        2. Function call:
            Function call be called from anywhere in the program.
            The parameter list must not differ in function calling and function declaration.
            We must pass the same number of function as it is declared in the function.

        3. Function defination:
            It contains the actual statement which are to be executed.
            It is the most important aspect to which the control comes when the function is called.
            Here, we must notice that only one value can be return form the funnction.
    
    The syntax of creating function in c language is given below.
        return_type function_ame(){
            // code to be executed.
        }
        
Type of Funnction:
    There are two types of function in C programming:
        1. Library Function:
            Library Function are the functions which are declared in the C header files such as scanf(), printf(), gets(), ceil(), floor() etc.
        
        2. User-defined function:
            User-defined function which are created by the C programmer, so that he/she can it many times.
            It reduces the complexity of a big program and optimizes the code.
        
Return Value:
    A C function may ot may not return a value from the function.
    If you don't have to return any value from thr function, use "void" for the return type.
    Ex. 
        void hello(){
            printf("Hello Sir");
        }
    
    If you want to return any value from the function, you need to use any data type such as int, long, char, etc.
    The return type on the value to be return from the function.
    Ex.
        int get(){
            return 10;
        }
    
    In the  above example, we have to return 10 as a value, so the return type is int.
    If you want to return floating-point value (e.g. 12.3, 5.45, 6644.456), you need to use float as the return type of the method.
    Ex.
        float Get(){
            return 45.67;
        }
    
    Now, you need to call the fucntion, to get the value of the function.

Different aspects of function calling:
    A function may or may not accspt any argument. It may or may not return any value.
    Based on these facts, There are four different aspects of function calls.
        > Function without arguments and without return value.
        > Function without argument and with return value.
        > Function with argument and without return value.
        > Function with argument and with return value.
        
