C loops:
    The looping can be defined as repeating the same process muiltiple times until a specific condition satisfies
    The looping simplifies the complex problem into the easy once.
    It enables us to writing the same code again and again, we can repet the same code for a finite number of times.

    Advantage of loopes
        -It provides code reusability.
        -Using loops, we do not need to write the same code again and again.
        -Using loops, we can traverse over the elements of data structures(aray or linked lists).

    Types of C Loops:
        1. do while
        2. while
        3. for

        (1) do-while loop in c:
            The do-while loop continues until a givn condition satidfies.
            It is also called post tested loop.
            It is used when it is necessary to execute the loop at least once (mostly menu driven programs).
            
            syntax:
                do{
                    //code to be executed
                }while(condition);

        (2) while loop in C:
            The while loop in C is to be used in the scenario where we don't know the number of iteration in advance.
            The block of statements is executed in the while loop until the condition specified in the while loop is satisfied.
            It is also called a pre-tested loop.
            
            syntax:
                while{
                    //code to be execute
                }
            
        (3) for loop in C:
            The for loop is used in the case where we need to execute some part of the code until the given condition is satisfied.
            The for loop is also called as a per-tested loop.
            It is better to use for loop if the number of iteration is known in advance.

            syntax:
                for{
                    // code to be execute
                }
                
    Nested Loops in C:
        Nasted Loops also supports C language.
        Nesting of loops is the feature in C that allows the looping of statemets inside another loop.
        Any number of loops can be defined inside another loop, i.e., there is no restriction for defining any number of loops.
        You can define any type of loop inside another loop; for example, you can define while loop inside a for loop.
